#Articles to be considered of by the churchwardens and others within the archdeaconry of Derby. In the visitation archdiaconall [sic] of Derbyshire, Anno S[anc]tis. 1641 ...#

##Church of England. Archdeaconry of Derby.##
Articles to be considered of by the churchwardens and others within the archdeaconry of Derby. In the visitation archdiaconall [sic] of Derbyshire, Anno S[anc]tis. 1641 ...
Church of England. Archdeaconry of Derby.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A79/A79591.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A79/A79591.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-47682839e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2010-04__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2010-05__ __SPi Global__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2011-03__ __Simon Charles__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2011-03__ __Simon Charles__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2011-06__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
ARTICLES TO BE CONSIDERED OF BY THE Churchwardens and others within the Archdeaconry of Derby. In th
#####Body#####
Articles concerning the Clergy.1. ARe there in this Archdearenry any wandring miniſters, or pretende
    _ Articles concerning the Clergy.
1. ARe there in this Archdearenry any wandring miniſters, or pretenders to holy orders, that reſorts2 Are there any that kéepe, or frequent drinking houſes, and uſe unlawfull games.3 Any that having taken holy orders forſake their vocation, and live ſecularly?4 Doth any man in lower orders preſume to do the duties of an higher office, and having no orders to5 Doe the Prieſts and Deacons carry themſelves diſcretly, gravely, exemplarily? do they make their f6 Doth your miniſter ſhew diligence in prayer, and that open, not being hindred by the ſtudy of DiviPrayer before the Sermon.Doth your miniſter pray before every Sermon for the Kings moſt excellent MaImpugners of ſupremacy of government, &c.8 Doth he or any in your pariſh impugne the regall ſupremacBidding of Holidayes, &c.9 Doth he notice all Holidayes, and Faſtingdayes?

and duely commend to theBaptiſme.10 Is your miniſter (being required) diligent to baptize ſicke Infants in caſe of neceſſityCatechizing.11 Doth your Miniſter or ſome other by his appointment diligently upon Sundayes and HoliCommunion.12 Doth he celebrate the Sacrament of the bleſſed body and blood of Chriſt ſo frequently i13 If any Pariſhioner be a notorious evill liver, or iniurious

to his neighbour by word or déed, haMarriages.14. Are all banes of matrimony asked thrée ſeverall times on Sundayes and Holydaies, in tiChurching.15 Doth your Miniſter refuſe to Church any women that have béen ſafe delivered out of the Commination.16 Doth he in the beginning of Lent, publiſh the Commination, and according to the rubriViſitation of the ſicke.17 Doth he, eſpecially upon notice, diligently reſort to the ſicke, and doe Buriall.18 Doth he bury the Dead according to that forme, méeting the Corps and friends at the ChurcLecturers.19 Is your Lecturer, being ſetled, a Licenſed Preacher, well Salaried, and that duly payed20 Are the Chaplaines of your Chappels, Vicars or ſtipendaries of appropriate Churches well endowed,21 Doth your Rector or Vicar reſide with you, unleſſe for ſome great cauſe diſpenſed with, hath he b22 Doth your Parſon and Vicar kéepe exact bookes of all his yearely receipts for the good of the Suc23 Doth your Miniſter notice the perambulation of the bounds according to Law and Cuſtome, and follo1 HAth the Patron of your Church preſented his Clerk without ſuſpition or fame of any Simoniacall co2 Is he zealous to his power to defend the Church and

incumbent from the wrong and iniury of ill af3 Doth he intimate any his Clerkes in utility to his Church, (except in the caſe of ſickeneſſe or ex4 Hath your Church-Patron living amongſt you, all due reſpect from the Parſon or Vicar? Is hée in de1 ARe you duely choſen, and in Eaſter Wéeke? and ſo of the other Officers? have all your Predeceſſor2 Is the fabricke of the body of your Church in good repaire in walles, roofe, pavement, windowes, g3 Are the great Bible, the Service Bookes faire and good? kept claſped, or ſtringed after divine Ser4 Is your Challice ſilver, and the cover thereof? not battered? kept cléene for all Communions? Is y5 Have you ſeverall books well bound for the Recording of the Chriſten and ſurnames of all perſons a6 Are your Churchyards kept cleane, and well fenced, or cloſed, and by them that are bound?7 Have you a Terrier of the Recovery, and Vicarage, Glebes, and Houſes, and alſo of all lawfull cuſt8 Doe you kéepe ſafely all ſuch terriers, bookes, rentals, bonds, wills, leaſes, accounts or any oth9 Doe you, and did your predeceſſors vigilantly cauſe all Pariſhioners to frequent the common Prayer10 Have any out of corrupt affection ſmothered any publique and ſcandalous crimes, what were they, a11 Are your Overſeers, Sides men, Clerke and others diligent in their Offices? and is the Clerkes wa1 HAve you any frée Schoolemaſters and Vſhers? any that teach otherwiſe openly, or privately? are th2 Are there any that teach privately in Recuſants houſes, or Recuſants children in their owne? name 3 Is the Curate contented if any beſides himſelfe doe teach Schoole?4 Doth your Schoolemaſter teach Maſter Lillies Grammer and other warranted Authours? And for grounds5 Are any houſes, Schoole-lands, or repts derayed, concealed, miſemployed, or diverted to other uſes1 DOe they live in the feare of God, exerciſing all piety, and charity? do they obſerve holydayes an2 Are there any that diſallow and ſeperate from your Prayers and reſort to ſermons only, or comply i3 Doe every Pariſhioner receive thrice yéerely, and is Eaſter one time? and doe all above 16. yeares4 Doe Maſters, Dames, Parents, cauſe their ſervants and children to ſubmit obediently to catechizing5 Doth every Pariſhioner living, or being landed within the P•riſh, pay his reaſonable Lunes and tax6 Doth every Pariſhioner make a cleare reckoning yéerely at Eaſter, with the Parſon, Vicar, or their7 Doe Communicants ſignifie their names to the Miniſter over night, or before or after morning Praye8 Are Parents carefull to baptize their children on the next Sunday or Holyday after birth, and give9 Doth the Pariſh ſtay at the Church ſtile untill the Miniſter can méet the Coarſe?10 Doe women reſort to Church for thankeſgiving after Childbirth? doe they knéele néere the holy tab11 Doe the Pariſhioners on the firſt day of Lent, come to the Commination?12 Are there any unlawfull méetings for common actions of Religion as is pretended, in any place but13 Are there any that have dyed inteſtate? doth any Executor neglect to prove the Will, pay legacies14 Are there any that diſturbe the Miniſter and godly peoples attentions in time of Gods ſervice by 15 Are there any that prophane the Chriſtian Sabboth or Lords day, and holy dayes appointed, by worl16 Are there any Churches or Chappels where divine ſervice hath béen formerly uſed let fall? and by 17 Have any at any time laid violent hands upon your Miniſter, or defamed him, or uſed any irreveren18 Are there any noted for periury, blaſphemy, vaine and idle ſwearing; and who, and of what conditi19 Any, any wayes inconformable; and refractary to his Maieſties Eccleſiaſticall Laws eſtabliſhed by20 Have any béen married by other Miniſter or forme then the Church of England doth allow? or ſo bap21 Do recuſants refuſe to ſubmit to godly conference, have they any buſie ſeducers about them, as Ie22 Are there any that maintaine any doctrines againſt the Catholique Faith, in obſtinate and heretic23 Have any in your Pariſh (not hitherto queſtioned) lived in any kind of incontinency, as inceſt, a24 Are there any ſuppoſed not to be truly marryed, that converſe as man and wife? Any having or déem25 Are there any in your Pariſh that ſow diſcord and debate amongſt neighbo•s, man and wife, &c. any26 Have you any Almeshouſes and Hoſpitals! and whether of the Kings, or other pious benefactors foun1 VVHat perſons in your Pariſh, and for what cauſes, ſtand excommunicate? neither deſiring, nor ende2 Have any béene admitted to the rights and priviledges of the Church without repentance, and abſolu3 Hath the ſentence of excommunication béene delayed or neglected to be divulged, longer than the ne4 Are there any that favour and cheriſh ſuch perſons as (being ſo cut off) care not to be reſtored, 1 CAn your Apparitors read and write competently?2 Is there any exceſſe in their number? and more then former times have knowne?3 Doe they diſpatch their mandates in their owne perſons faithfully, and not by others?4 Doe they behave themſelves as promotors or informers, vexing ſome wrongfully, ex•uſing others for 5 Doth any of them exact more or greater fées than the table ratified doth allow?
    _ Of the Patron.
1. ARe there in this Archdearenry any wandring miniſters, or pretenders to holy orders, that reſorts2 Are there any that kéepe, or frequent drinking houſes, and uſe unlawfull games.3 Any that having taken holy orders forſake their vocation, and live ſecularly?4 Doth any man in lower orders preſume to do the duties of an higher office, and having no orders to5 Doe the Prieſts and Deacons carry themſelves diſcretly, gravely, exemplarily? do they make their f6 Doth your miniſter ſhew diligence in prayer, and that open, not being hindred by the ſtudy of DiviPrayer before the Sermon.Doth your miniſter pray before every Sermon for the Kings moſt excellent MaImpugners of ſupremacy of government, &c.8 Doth he or any in your pariſh impugne the regall ſupremacBidding of Holidayes, &c.9 Doth he notice all Holidayes, and Faſtingdayes?

and duely commend to theBaptiſme.10 Is your miniſter (being required) diligent to baptize ſicke Infants in caſe of neceſſityCatechizing.11 Doth your Miniſter or ſome other by his appointment diligently upon Sundayes and HoliCommunion.12 Doth he celebrate the Sacrament of the bleſſed body and blood of Chriſt ſo frequently i13 If any Pariſhioner be a notorious evill liver, or iniurious

to his neighbour by word or déed, haMarriages.14. Are all banes of matrimony asked thrée ſeverall times on Sundayes and Holydaies, in tiChurching.15 Doth your Miniſter refuſe to Church any women that have béen ſafe delivered out of the Commination.16 Doth he in the beginning of Lent, publiſh the Commination, and according to the rubriViſitation of the ſicke.17 Doth he, eſpecially upon notice, diligently reſort to the ſicke, and doe Buriall.18 Doth he bury the Dead according to that forme, méeting the Corps and friends at the ChurcLecturers.19 Is your Lecturer, being ſetled, a Licenſed Preacher, well Salaried, and that duly payed20 Are the Chaplaines of your Chappels, Vicars or ſtipendaries of appropriate Churches well endowed,21 Doth your Rector or Vicar reſide with you, unleſſe for ſome great cauſe diſpenſed with, hath he b22 Doth your Parſon and Vicar kéepe exact bookes of all his yearely receipts for the good of the Suc23 Doth your Miniſter notice the perambulation of the bounds according to Law and Cuſtome, and follo1 HAth the Patron of your Church preſented his Clerk without ſuſpition or fame of any Simoniacall co2 Is he zealous to his power to defend the Church and

incumbent from the wrong and iniury of ill af3 Doth he intimate any his Clerkes in utility to his Church, (except in the caſe of ſickeneſſe or ex4 Hath your Church-Patron living amongſt you, all due reſpect from the Parſon or Vicar? Is hée in de1 ARe you duely choſen, and in Eaſter Wéeke? and ſo of the other Officers? have all your Predeceſſor2 Is the fabricke of the body of your Church in good repaire in walles, roofe, pavement, windowes, g3 Are the great Bible, the Service Bookes faire and good? kept claſped, or ſtringed after divine Ser4 Is your Challice ſilver, and the cover thereof? not battered? kept cléene for all Communions? Is y5 Have you ſeverall books well bound for the Recording of the Chriſten and ſurnames of all perſons a6 Are your Churchyards kept cleane, and well fenced, or cloſed, and by them that are bound?7 Have you a Terrier of the Recovery, and Vicarage, Glebes, and Houſes, and alſo of all lawfull cuſt8 Doe you kéepe ſafely all ſuch terriers, bookes, rentals, bonds, wills, leaſes, accounts or any oth9 Doe you, and did your predeceſſors vigilantly cauſe all Pariſhioners to frequent the common Prayer10 Have any out of corrupt affection ſmothered any publique and ſcandalous crimes, what were they, a11 Are your Overſeers, Sides men, Clerke and others diligent in their Offices? and is the Clerkes wa1 HAve you any frée Schoolemaſters and Vſhers? any that teach otherwiſe openly, or privately? are th2 Are there any that teach privately in Recuſants houſes, or Recuſants children in their owne? name 3 Is the Curate contented if any beſides himſelfe doe teach Schoole?4 Doth your Schoolemaſter teach Maſter Lillies Grammer and other warranted Authours? And for grounds5 Are any houſes, Schoole-lands, or repts derayed, concealed, miſemployed, or diverted to other uſes1 DOe they live in the feare of God, exerciſing all piety, and charity? do they obſerve holydayes an2 Are there any that diſallow and ſeperate from your Prayers and reſort to ſermons only, or comply i3 Doe every Pariſhioner receive thrice yéerely, and is Eaſter one time? and doe all above 16. yeares4 Doe Maſters, Dames, Parents, cauſe their ſervants and children to ſubmit obediently to catechizing5 Doth every Pariſhioner living, or being landed within the P•riſh, pay his reaſonable Lunes and tax6 Doth every Pariſhioner make a cleare reckoning yéerely at Eaſter, with the Parſon, Vicar, or their7 Doe Communicants ſignifie their names to the Miniſter over night, or before or after morning Praye8 Are Parents carefull to baptize their children on the next Sunday or Holyday after birth, and give9 Doth the Pariſh ſtay at the Church ſtile untill the Miniſter can méet the Coarſe?10 Doe women reſort to Church for thankeſgiving after Childbirth? doe they knéele néere the holy tab11 Doe the Pariſhioners on the firſt day of Lent, come to the Commination?12 Are there any unlawfull méetings for common actions of Religion as is pretended, in any place but13 Are there any that have dyed inteſtate? doth any Executor neglect to prove the Will, pay legacies14 Are there any that diſturbe the Miniſter and godly peoples attentions in time of Gods ſervice by 15 Are there any that prophane the Chriſtian Sabboth or Lords day, and holy dayes appointed, by worl16 Are there any Churches or Chappels where divine ſervice hath béen formerly uſed let fall? and by 17 Have any at any time laid violent hands upon your Miniſter, or defamed him, or uſed any irreveren18 Are there any noted for periury, blaſphemy, vaine and idle ſwearing; and who, and of what conditi19 Any, any wayes inconformable; and refractary to his Maieſties Eccleſiaſticall Laws eſtabliſhed by20 Have any béen married by other Miniſter or forme then the Church of England doth allow? or ſo bap21 Do recuſants refuſe to ſubmit to godly conference, have they any buſie ſeducers about them, as Ie22 Are there any that maintaine any doctrines againſt the Catholique Faith, in obſtinate and heretic23 Have any in your Pariſh (not hitherto queſtioned) lived in any kind of incontinency, as inceſt, a24 Are there any ſuppoſed not to be truly marryed, that converſe as man and wife? Any having or déem25 Are there any in your Pariſh that ſow diſcord and debate amongſt neighbo•s, man and wife, &c. any26 Have you any Almeshouſes and Hoſpitals! and whether of the Kings, or other pious benefactors foun1 VVHat perſons in your Pariſh, and for what cauſes, ſtand excommunicate? neither deſiring, nor ende2 Have any béene admitted to the rights and priviledges of the Church without repentance, and abſolu3 Hath the ſentence of excommunication béene delayed or neglected to be divulged, longer than the ne4 Are there any that favour and cheriſh ſuch perſons as (being ſo cut off) care not to be reſtored, 1 CAn your Apparitors read and write competently?2 Is there any exceſſe in their number? and more then former times have knowne?3 Doe they diſpatch their mandates in their owne perſons faithfully, and not by others?4 Doe they behave themſelves as promotors or informers, vexing ſome wrongfully, ex•uſing others for 5 Doth any of them exact more or greater fées than the table ratified doth allow?
    _ Churchwardens and Sidemen.
1. ARe there in this Archdearenry any wandring miniſters, or pretenders to holy orders, that reſorts2 Are there any that kéepe, or frequent drinking houſes, and uſe unlawfull games.3 Any that having taken holy orders forſake their vocation, and live ſecularly?4 Doth any man in lower orders preſume to do the duties of an higher office, and having no orders to5 Doe the Prieſts and Deacons carry themſelves diſcretly, gravely, exemplarily? do they make their f6 Doth your miniſter ſhew diligence in prayer, and that open, not being hindred by the ſtudy of DiviPrayer before the Sermon.Doth your miniſter pray before every Sermon for the Kings moſt excellent MaImpugners of ſupremacy of government, &c.8 Doth he or any in your pariſh impugne the regall ſupremacBidding of Holidayes, &c.9 Doth he notice all Holidayes, and Faſtingdayes?

and duely commend to theBaptiſme.10 Is your miniſter (being required) diligent to baptize ſicke Infants in caſe of neceſſityCatechizing.11 Doth your Miniſter or ſome other by his appointment diligently upon Sundayes and HoliCommunion.12 Doth he celebrate the Sacrament of the bleſſed body and blood of Chriſt ſo frequently i13 If any Pariſhioner be a notorious evill liver, or iniurious

to his neighbour by word or déed, haMarriages.14. Are all banes of matrimony asked thrée ſeverall times on Sundayes and Holydaies, in tiChurching.15 Doth your Miniſter refuſe to Church any women that have béen ſafe delivered out of the Commination.16 Doth he in the beginning of Lent, publiſh the Commination, and according to the rubriViſitation of the ſicke.17 Doth he, eſpecially upon notice, diligently reſort to the ſicke, and doe Buriall.18 Doth he bury the Dead according to that forme, méeting the Corps and friends at the ChurcLecturers.19 Is your Lecturer, being ſetled, a Licenſed Preacher, well Salaried, and that duly payed20 Are the Chaplaines of your Chappels, Vicars or ſtipendaries of appropriate Churches well endowed,21 Doth your Rector or Vicar reſide with you, unleſſe for ſome great cauſe diſpenſed with, hath he b22 Doth your Parſon and Vicar kéepe exact bookes of all his yearely receipts for the good of the Suc23 Doth your Miniſter notice the perambulation of the bounds according to Law and Cuſtome, and follo1 HAth the Patron of your Church preſented his Clerk without ſuſpition or fame of any Simoniacall co2 Is he zealous to his power to defend the Church and

incumbent from the wrong and iniury of ill af3 Doth he intimate any his Clerkes in utility to his Church, (except in the caſe of ſickeneſſe or ex4 Hath your Church-Patron living amongſt you, all due reſpect from the Parſon or Vicar? Is hée in de1 ARe you duely choſen, and in Eaſter Wéeke? and ſo of the other Officers? have all your Predeceſſor2 Is the fabricke of the body of your Church in good repaire in walles, roofe, pavement, windowes, g3 Are the great Bible, the Service Bookes faire and good? kept claſped, or ſtringed after divine Ser4 Is your Challice ſilver, and the cover thereof? not battered? kept cléene for all Communions? Is y5 Have you ſeverall books well bound for the Recording of the Chriſten and ſurnames of all perſons a6 Are your Churchyards kept cleane, and well fenced, or cloſed, and by them that are bound?7 Have you a Terrier of the Recovery, and Vicarage, Glebes, and Houſes, and alſo of all lawfull cuſt8 Doe you kéepe ſafely all ſuch terriers, bookes, rentals, bonds, wills, leaſes, accounts or any oth9 Doe you, and did your predeceſſors vigilantly cauſe all Pariſhioners to frequent the common Prayer10 Have any out of corrupt affection ſmothered any publique and ſcandalous crimes, what were they, a11 Are your Overſeers, Sides men, Clerke and others diligent in their Offices? and is the Clerkes wa1 HAve you any frée Schoolemaſters and Vſhers? any that teach otherwiſe openly, or privately? are th2 Are there any that teach privately in Recuſants houſes, or Recuſants children in their owne? name 3 Is the Curate contented if any beſides himſelfe doe teach Schoole?4 Doth your Schoolemaſter teach Maſter Lillies Grammer and other warranted Authours? And for grounds5 Are any houſes, Schoole-lands, or repts derayed, concealed, miſemployed, or diverted to other uſes1 DOe they live in the feare of God, exerciſing all piety, and charity? do they obſerve holydayes an2 Are there any that diſallow and ſeperate from your Prayers and reſort to ſermons only, or comply i3 Doe every Pariſhioner receive thrice yéerely, and is Eaſter one time? and doe all above 16. yeares4 Doe Maſters, Dames, Parents, cauſe their ſervants and children to ſubmit obediently to catechizing5 Doth every Pariſhioner living, or being landed within the P•riſh, pay his reaſonable Lunes and tax6 Doth every Pariſhioner make a cleare reckoning yéerely at Eaſter, with the Parſon, Vicar, or their7 Doe Communicants ſignifie their names to the Miniſter over night, or before or after morning Praye8 Are Parents carefull to baptize their children on the next Sunday or Holyday after birth, and give9 Doth the Pariſh ſtay at the Church ſtile untill the Miniſter can méet the Coarſe?10 Doe women reſort to Church for thankeſgiving after Childbirth? doe they knéele néere the holy tab11 Doe the Pariſhioners on the firſt day of Lent, come to the Commination?12 Are there any unlawfull méetings for common actions of Religion as is pretended, in any place but13 Are there any that have dyed inteſtate? doth any Executor neglect to prove the Will, pay legacies14 Are there any that diſturbe the Miniſter and godly peoples attentions in time of Gods ſervice by 15 Are there any that prophane the Chriſtian Sabboth or Lords day, and holy dayes appointed, by worl16 Are there any Churches or Chappels where divine ſervice hath béen formerly uſed let fall? and by 17 Have any at any time laid violent hands upon your Miniſter, or defamed him, or uſed any irreveren18 Are there any noted for periury, blaſphemy, vaine and idle ſwearing; and who, and of what conditi19 Any, any wayes inconformable; and refractary to his Maieſties Eccleſiaſticall Laws eſtabliſhed by20 Have any béen married by other Miniſter or forme then the Church of England doth allow? or ſo bap21 Do recuſants refuſe to ſubmit to godly conference, have they any buſie ſeducers about them, as Ie22 Are there any that maintaine any doctrines againſt the Catholique Faith, in obſtinate and heretic23 Have any in your Pariſh (not hitherto queſtioned) lived in any kind of incontinency, as inceſt, a24 Are there any ſuppoſed not to be truly marryed, that converſe as man and wife? Any having or déem25 Are there any in your Pariſh that ſow diſcord and debate amongſt neighbo•s, man and wife, &c. any26 Have you any Almeshouſes and Hoſpitals! and whether of the Kings, or other pious benefactors foun1 VVHat perſons in your Pariſh, and for what cauſes, ſtand excommunicate? neither deſiring, nor ende2 Have any béene admitted to the rights and priviledges of the Church without repentance, and abſolu3 Hath the ſentence of excommunication béene delayed or neglected to be divulged, longer than the ne4 Are there any that favour and cheriſh ſuch perſons as (being ſo cut off) care not to be reſtored, 1 CAn your Apparitors read and write competently?2 Is there any exceſſe in their number? and more then former times have knowne?3 Doe they diſpatch their mandates in their owne perſons faithfully, and not by others?4 Doe they behave themſelves as promotors or informers, vexing ſome wrongfully, ex•uſing others for 5 Doth any of them exact more or greater fées than the table ratified doth allow?
    _ Schoolemaſters
1. ARe there in this Archdearenry any wandring miniſters, or pretenders to holy orders, that reſorts2 Are there any that kéepe, or frequent drinking houſes, and uſe unlawfull games.3 Any that having taken holy orders forſake their vocation, and live ſecularly?4 Doth any man in lower orders preſume to do the duties of an higher office, and having no orders to5 Doe the Prieſts and Deacons carry themſelves diſcretly, gravely, exemplarily? do they make their f6 Doth your miniſter ſhew diligence in prayer, and that open, not being hindred by the ſtudy of DiviPrayer before the Sermon.Doth your miniſter pray before every Sermon for the Kings moſt excellent MaImpugners of ſupremacy of government, &c.8 Doth he or any in your pariſh impugne the regall ſupremacBidding of Holidayes, &c.9 Doth he notice all Holidayes, and Faſtingdayes?

and duely commend to theBaptiſme.10 Is your miniſter (being required) diligent to baptize ſicke Infants in caſe of neceſſityCatechizing.11 Doth your Miniſter or ſome other by his appointment diligently upon Sundayes and HoliCommunion.12 Doth he celebrate the Sacrament of the bleſſed body and blood of Chriſt ſo frequently i13 If any Pariſhioner be a notorious evill liver, or iniurious

to his neighbour by word or déed, haMarriages.14. Are all banes of matrimony asked thrée ſeverall times on Sundayes and Holydaies, in tiChurching.15 Doth your Miniſter refuſe to Church any women that have béen ſafe delivered out of the Commination.16 Doth he in the beginning of Lent, publiſh the Commination, and according to the rubriViſitation of the ſicke.17 Doth he, eſpecially upon notice, diligently reſort to the ſicke, and doe Buriall.18 Doth he bury the Dead according to that forme, méeting the Corps and friends at the ChurcLecturers.19 Is your Lecturer, being ſetled, a Licenſed Preacher, well Salaried, and that duly payed20 Are the Chaplaines of your Chappels, Vicars or ſtipendaries of appropriate Churches well endowed,21 Doth your Rector or Vicar reſide with you, unleſſe for ſome great cauſe diſpenſed with, hath he b22 Doth your Parſon and Vicar kéepe exact bookes of all his yearely receipts for the good of the Suc23 Doth your Miniſter notice the perambulation of the bounds according to Law and Cuſtome, and follo1 HAth the Patron of your Church preſented his Clerk without ſuſpition or fame of any Simoniacall co2 Is he zealous to his power to defend the Church and

incumbent from the wrong and iniury of ill af3 Doth he intimate any his Clerkes in utility to his Church, (except in the caſe of ſickeneſſe or ex4 Hath your Church-Patron living amongſt you, all due reſpect from the Parſon or Vicar? Is hée in de1 ARe you duely choſen, and in Eaſter Wéeke? and ſo of the other Officers? have all your Predeceſſor2 Is the fabricke of the body of your Church in good repaire in walles, roofe, pavement, windowes, g3 Are the great Bible, the Service Bookes faire and good? kept claſped, or ſtringed after divine Ser4 Is your Challice ſilver, and the cover thereof? not battered? kept cléene for all Communions? Is y5 Have you ſeverall books well bound for the Recording of the Chriſten and ſurnames of all perſons a6 Are your Churchyards kept cleane, and well fenced, or cloſed, and by them that are bound?7 Have you a Terrier of the Recovery, and Vicarage, Glebes, and Houſes, and alſo of all lawfull cuſt8 Doe you kéepe ſafely all ſuch terriers, bookes, rentals, bonds, wills, leaſes, accounts or any oth9 Doe you, and did your predeceſſors vigilantly cauſe all Pariſhioners to frequent the common Prayer10 Have any out of corrupt affection ſmothered any publique and ſcandalous crimes, what were they, a11 Are your Overſeers, Sides men, Clerke and others diligent in their Offices? and is the Clerkes wa1 HAve you any frée Schoolemaſters and Vſhers? any that teach otherwiſe openly, or privately? are th2 Are there any that teach privately in Recuſants houſes, or Recuſants children in their owne? name 3 Is the Curate contented if any beſides himſelfe doe teach Schoole?4 Doth your Schoolemaſter teach Maſter Lillies Grammer and other warranted Authours? And for grounds5 Are any houſes, Schoole-lands, or repts derayed, concealed, miſemployed, or diverted to other uſes1 DOe they live in the feare of God, exerciſing all piety, and charity? do they obſerve holydayes an2 Are there any that diſallow and ſeperate from your Prayers and reſort to ſermons only, or comply i3 Doe every Pariſhioner receive thrice yéerely, and is Eaſter one time? and doe all above 16. yeares4 Doe Maſters, Dames, Parents, cauſe their ſervants and children to ſubmit obediently to catechizing5 Doth every Pariſhioner living, or being landed within the P•riſh, pay his reaſonable Lunes and tax6 Doth every Pariſhioner make a cleare reckoning yéerely at Eaſter, with the Parſon, Vicar, or their7 Doe Communicants ſignifie their names to the Miniſter over night, or before or after morning Praye8 Are Parents carefull to baptize their children on the next Sunday or Holyday after birth, and give9 Doth the Pariſh ſtay at the Church ſtile untill the Miniſter can méet the Coarſe?10 Doe women reſort to Church for thankeſgiving after Childbirth? doe they knéele néere the holy tab11 Doe the Pariſhioners on the firſt day of Lent, come to the Commination?12 Are there any unlawfull méetings for common actions of Religion as is pretended, in any place but13 Are there any that have dyed inteſtate? doth any Executor neglect to prove the Will, pay legacies14 Are there any that diſturbe the Miniſter and godly peoples attentions in time of Gods ſervice by 15 Are there any that prophane the Chriſtian Sabboth or Lords day, and holy dayes appointed, by worl16 Are there any Churches or Chappels where divine ſervice hath béen formerly uſed let fall? and by 17 Have any at any time laid violent hands upon your Miniſter, or defamed him, or uſed any irreveren18 Are there any noted for periury, blaſphemy, vaine and idle ſwearing; and who, and of what conditi19 Any, any wayes inconformable; and refractary to his Maieſties Eccleſiaſticall Laws eſtabliſhed by20 Have any béen married by other Miniſter or forme then the Church of England doth allow? or ſo bap21 Do recuſants refuſe to ſubmit to godly conference, have they any buſie ſeducers about them, as Ie22 Are there any that maintaine any doctrines againſt the Catholique Faith, in obſtinate and heretic23 Have any in your Pariſh (not hitherto queſtioned) lived in any kind of incontinency, as inceſt, a24 Are there any ſuppoſed not to be truly marryed, that converſe as man and wife? Any having or déem25 Are there any in your Pariſh that ſow diſcord and debate amongſt neighbo•s, man and wife, &c. any26 Have you any Almeshouſes and Hoſpitals! and whether of the Kings, or other pious benefactors foun1 VVHat perſons in your Pariſh, and for what cauſes, ſtand excommunicate? neither deſiring, nor ende2 Have any béene admitted to the rights and priviledges of the Church without repentance, and abſolu3 Hath the ſentence of excommunication béene delayed or neglected to be divulged, longer than the ne4 Are there any that favour and cheriſh ſuch perſons as (being ſo cut off) care not to be reſtored, 1 CAn your Apparitors read and write competently?2 Is there any exceſſe in their number? and more then former times have knowne?3 Doe they diſpatch their mandates in their owne perſons faithfully, and not by others?4 Doe they behave themſelves as promotors or informers, vexing ſome wrongfully, ex•uſing others for 5 Doth any of them exact more or greater fées than the table ratified doth allow?
    _ Pariſhioners.
1. ARe there in this Archdearenry any wandring miniſters, or pretenders to holy orders, that reſorts2 Are there any that kéepe, or frequent drinking houſes, and uſe unlawfull games.3 Any that having taken holy orders forſake their vocation, and live ſecularly?4 Doth any man in lower orders preſume to do the duties of an higher office, and having no orders to5 Doe the Prieſts and Deacons carry themſelves diſcretly, gravely, exemplarily? do they make their f6 Doth your miniſter ſhew diligence in prayer, and that open, not being hindred by the ſtudy of DiviPrayer before the Sermon.Doth your miniſter pray before every Sermon for the Kings moſt excellent MaImpugners of ſupremacy of government, &c.8 Doth he or any in your pariſh impugne the regall ſupremacBidding of Holidayes, &c.9 Doth he notice all Holidayes, and Faſtingdayes?

and duely commend to theBaptiſme.10 Is your miniſter (being required) diligent to baptize ſicke Infants in caſe of neceſſityCatechizing.11 Doth your Miniſter or ſome other by his appointment diligently upon Sundayes and HoliCommunion.12 Doth he celebrate the Sacrament of the bleſſed body and blood of Chriſt ſo frequently i13 If any Pariſhioner be a notorious evill liver, or iniurious

to his neighbour by word or déed, haMarriages.14. Are all banes of matrimony asked thrée ſeverall times on Sundayes and Holydaies, in tiChurching.15 Doth your Miniſter refuſe to Church any women that have béen ſafe delivered out of the Commination.16 Doth he in the beginning of Lent, publiſh the Commination, and according to the rubriViſitation of the ſicke.17 Doth he, eſpecially upon notice, diligently reſort to the ſicke, and doe Buriall.18 Doth he bury the Dead according to that forme, méeting the Corps and friends at the ChurcLecturers.19 Is your Lecturer, being ſetled, a Licenſed Preacher, well Salaried, and that duly payed20 Are the Chaplaines of your Chappels, Vicars or ſtipendaries of appropriate Churches well endowed,21 Doth your Rector or Vicar reſide with you, unleſſe for ſome great cauſe diſpenſed with, hath he b22 Doth your Parſon and Vicar kéepe exact bookes of all his yearely receipts for the good of the Suc23 Doth your Miniſter notice the perambulation of the bounds according to Law and Cuſtome, and follo1 HAth the Patron of your Church preſented his Clerk without ſuſpition or fame of any Simoniacall co2 Is he zealous to his power to defend the Church and

incumbent from the wrong and iniury of ill af3 Doth he intimate any his Clerkes in utility to his Church, (except in the caſe of ſickeneſſe or ex4 Hath your Church-Patron living amongſt you, all due reſpect from the Parſon or Vicar? Is hée in de1 ARe you duely choſen, and in Eaſter Wéeke? and ſo of the other Officers? have all your Predeceſſor2 Is the fabricke of the body of your Church in good repaire in walles, roofe, pavement, windowes, g3 Are the great Bible, the Service Bookes faire and good? kept claſped, or ſtringed after divine Ser4 Is your Challice ſilver, and the cover thereof? not battered? kept cléene for all Communions? Is y5 Have you ſeverall books well bound for the Recording of the Chriſten and ſurnames of all perſons a6 Are your Churchyards kept cleane, and well fenced, or cloſed, and by them that are bound?7 Have you a Terrier of the Recovery, and Vicarage, Glebes, and Houſes, and alſo of all lawfull cuſt8 Doe you kéepe ſafely all ſuch terriers, bookes, rentals, bonds, wills, leaſes, accounts or any oth9 Doe you, and did your predeceſſors vigilantly cauſe all Pariſhioners to frequent the common Prayer10 Have any out of corrupt affection ſmothered any publique and ſcandalous crimes, what were they, a11 Are your Overſeers, Sides men, Clerke and others diligent in their Offices? and is the Clerkes wa1 HAve you any frée Schoolemaſters and Vſhers? any that teach otherwiſe openly, or privately? are th2 Are there any that teach privately in Recuſants houſes, or Recuſants children in their owne? name 3 Is the Curate contented if any beſides himſelfe doe teach Schoole?4 Doth your Schoolemaſter teach Maſter Lillies Grammer and other warranted Authours? And for grounds5 Are any houſes, Schoole-lands, or repts derayed, concealed, miſemployed, or diverted to other uſes1 DOe they live in the feare of God, exerciſing all piety, and charity? do they obſerve holydayes an2 Are there any that diſallow and ſeperate from your Prayers and reſort to ſermons only, or comply i3 Doe every Pariſhioner receive thrice yéerely, and is Eaſter one time? and doe all above 16. yeares4 Doe Maſters, Dames, Parents, cauſe their ſervants and children to ſubmit obediently to catechizing5 Doth every Pariſhioner living, or being landed within the P•riſh, pay his reaſonable Lunes and tax6 Doth every Pariſhioner make a cleare reckoning yéerely at Eaſter, with the Parſon, Vicar, or their7 Doe Communicants ſignifie their names to the Miniſter over night, or before or after morning Praye8 Are Parents carefull to baptize their children on the next Sunday or Holyday after birth, and give9 Doth the Pariſh ſtay at the Church ſtile untill the Miniſter can méet the Coarſe?10 Doe women reſort to Church for thankeſgiving after Childbirth? doe they knéele néere the holy tab11 Doe the Pariſhioners on the firſt day of Lent, come to the Commination?12 Are there any unlawfull méetings for common actions of Religion as is pretended, in any place but13 Are there any that have dyed inteſtate? doth any Executor neglect to prove the Will, pay legacies14 Are there any that diſturbe the Miniſter and godly peoples attentions in time of Gods ſervice by 15 Are there any that prophane the Chriſtian Sabboth or Lords day, and holy dayes appointed, by worl16 Are there any Churches or Chappels where divine ſervice hath béen formerly uſed let fall? and by 17 Have any at any time laid violent hands upon your Miniſter, or defamed him, or uſed any irreveren18 Are there any noted for periury, blaſphemy, vaine and idle ſwearing; and who, and of what conditi19 Any, any wayes inconformable; and refractary to his Maieſties Eccleſiaſticall Laws eſtabliſhed by20 Have any béen married by other Miniſter or forme then the Church of England doth allow? or ſo bap21 Do recuſants refuſe to ſubmit to godly conference, have they any buſie ſeducers about them, as Ie22 Are there any that maintaine any doctrines againſt the Catholique Faith, in obſtinate and heretic23 Have any in your Pariſh (not hitherto queſtioned) lived in any kind of incontinency, as inceſt, a24 Are there any ſuppoſed not to be truly marryed, that converſe as man and wife? Any having or déem25 Are there any in your Pariſh that ſow diſcord and debate amongſt neighbo•s, man and wife, &c. any26 Have you any Almeshouſes and Hoſpitals! and whether of the Kings, or other pious benefactors foun1 VVHat perſons in your Pariſh, and for what cauſes, ſtand excommunicate? neither deſiring, nor ende2 Have any béene admitted to the rights and priviledges of the Church without repentance, and abſolu3 Hath the ſentence of excommunication béene delayed or neglected to be divulged, longer than the ne4 Are there any that favour and cheriſh ſuch perſons as (being ſo cut off) care not to be reſtored, 1 CAn your Apparitors read and write competently?2 Is there any exceſſe in their number? and more then former times have knowne?3 Doe they diſpatch their mandates in their owne perſons faithfully, and not by others?4 Doe they behave themſelves as promotors or informers, vexing ſome wrongfully, ex•uſing others for 5 Doth any of them exact more or greater fées than the table ratified doth allow?
    _ Excommunicate Perſons.
1. ARe there in this Archdearenry any wandring miniſters, or pretenders to holy orders, that reſorts2 Are there any that kéepe, or frequent drinking houſes, and uſe unlawfull games.3 Any that having taken holy orders forſake their vocation, and live ſecularly?4 Doth any man in lower orders preſume to do the duties of an higher office, and having no orders to5 Doe the Prieſts and Deacons carry themſelves diſcretly, gravely, exemplarily? do they make their f6 Doth your miniſter ſhew diligence in prayer, and that open, not being hindred by the ſtudy of DiviPrayer before the Sermon.Doth your miniſter pray before every Sermon for the Kings moſt excellent MaImpugners of ſupremacy of government, &c.8 Doth he or any in your pariſh impugne the regall ſupremacBidding of Holidayes, &c.9 Doth he notice all Holidayes, and Faſtingdayes?

and duely commend to theBaptiſme.10 Is your miniſter (being required) diligent to baptize ſicke Infants in caſe of neceſſityCatechizing.11 Doth your Miniſter or ſome other by his appointment diligently upon Sundayes and HoliCommunion.12 Doth he celebrate the Sacrament of the bleſſed body and blood of Chriſt ſo frequently i13 If any Pariſhioner be a notorious evill liver, or iniurious

to his neighbour by word or déed, haMarriages.14. Are all banes of matrimony asked thrée ſeverall times on Sundayes and Holydaies, in tiChurching.15 Doth your Miniſter refuſe to Church any women that have béen ſafe delivered out of the Commination.16 Doth he in the beginning of Lent, publiſh the Commination, and according to the rubriViſitation of the ſicke.17 Doth he, eſpecially upon notice, diligently reſort to the ſicke, and doe Buriall.18 Doth he bury the Dead according to that forme, méeting the Corps and friends at the ChurcLecturers.19 Is your Lecturer, being ſetled, a Licenſed Preacher, well Salaried, and that duly payed20 Are the Chaplaines of your Chappels, Vicars or ſtipendaries of appropriate Churches well endowed,21 Doth your Rector or Vicar reſide with you, unleſſe for ſome great cauſe diſpenſed with, hath he b22 Doth your Parſon and Vicar kéepe exact bookes of all his yearely receipts for the good of the Suc23 Doth your Miniſter notice the perambulation of the bounds according to Law and Cuſtome, and follo1 HAth the Patron of your Church preſented his Clerk without ſuſpition or fame of any Simoniacall co2 Is he zealous to his power to defend the Church and

incumbent from the wrong and iniury of ill af3 Doth he intimate any his Clerkes in utility to his Church, (except in the caſe of ſickeneſſe or ex4 Hath your Church-Patron living amongſt you, all due reſpect from the Parſon or Vicar? Is hée in de1 ARe you duely choſen, and in Eaſter Wéeke? and ſo of the other Officers? have all your Predeceſſor2 Is the fabricke of the body of your Church in good repaire in walles, roofe, pavement, windowes, g3 Are the great Bible, the Service Bookes faire and good? kept claſped, or ſtringed after divine Ser4 Is your Challice ſilver, and the cover thereof? not battered? kept cléene for all Communions? Is y5 Have you ſeverall books well bound for the Recording of the Chriſten and ſurnames of all perſons a6 Are your Churchyards kept cleane, and well fenced, or cloſed, and by them that are bound?7 Have you a Terrier of the Recovery, and Vicarage, Glebes, and Houſes, and alſo of all lawfull cuſt8 Doe you kéepe ſafely all ſuch terriers, bookes, rentals, bonds, wills, leaſes, accounts or any oth9 Doe you, and did your predeceſſors vigilantly cauſe all Pariſhioners to frequent the common Prayer10 Have any out of corrupt affection ſmothered any publique and ſcandalous crimes, what were they, a11 Are your Overſeers, Sides men, Clerke and others diligent in their Offices? and is the Clerkes wa1 HAve you any frée Schoolemaſters and Vſhers? any that teach otherwiſe openly, or privately? are th2 Are there any that teach privately in Recuſants houſes, or Recuſants children in their owne? name 3 Is the Curate contented if any beſides himſelfe doe teach Schoole?4 Doth your Schoolemaſter teach Maſter Lillies Grammer and other warranted Authours? And for grounds5 Are any houſes, Schoole-lands, or repts derayed, concealed, miſemployed, or diverted to other uſes1 DOe they live in the feare of God, exerciſing all piety, and charity? do they obſerve holydayes an2 Are there any that diſallow and ſeperate from your Prayers and reſort to ſermons only, or comply i3 Doe every Pariſhioner receive thrice yéerely, and is Eaſter one time? and doe all above 16. yeares4 Doe Maſters, Dames, Parents, cauſe their ſervants and children to ſubmit obediently to catechizing5 Doth every Pariſhioner living, or being landed within the P•riſh, pay his reaſonable Lunes and tax6 Doth every Pariſhioner make a cleare reckoning yéerely at Eaſter, with the Parſon, Vicar, or their7 Doe Communicants ſignifie their names to the Miniſter over night, or before or after morning Praye8 Are Parents carefull to baptize their children on the next Sunday or Holyday after birth, and give9 Doth the Pariſh ſtay at the Church ſtile untill the Miniſter can méet the Coarſe?10 Doe women reſort to Church for thankeſgiving after Childbirth? doe they knéele néere the holy tab11 Doe the Pariſhioners on the firſt day of Lent, come to the Commination?12 Are there any unlawfull méetings for common actions of Religion as is pretended, in any place but13 Are there any that have dyed inteſtate? doth any Executor neglect to prove the Will, pay legacies14 Are there any that diſturbe the Miniſter and godly peoples attentions in time of Gods ſervice by 15 Are there any that prophane the Chriſtian Sabboth or Lords day, and holy dayes appointed, by worl16 Are there any Churches or Chappels where divine ſervice hath béen formerly uſed let fall? and by 17 Have any at any time laid violent hands upon your Miniſter, or defamed him, or uſed any irreveren18 Are there any noted for periury, blaſphemy, vaine and idle ſwearing; and who, and of what conditi19 Any, any wayes inconformable; and refractary to his Maieſties Eccleſiaſticall Laws eſtabliſhed by20 Have any béen married by other Miniſter or forme then the Church of England doth allow? or ſo bap21 Do recuſants refuſe to ſubmit to godly conference, have they any buſie ſeducers about them, as Ie22 Are there any that maintaine any doctrines againſt the Catholique Faith, in obſtinate and heretic23 Have any in your Pariſh (not hitherto queſtioned) lived in any kind of incontinency, as inceſt, a24 Are there any ſuppoſed not to be truly marryed, that converſe as man and wife? Any having or déem25 Are there any in your Pariſh that ſow diſcord and debate amongſt neighbo•s, man and wife, &c. any26 Have you any Almeshouſes and Hoſpitals! and whether of the Kings, or other pious benefactors foun1 VVHat perſons in your Pariſh, and for what cauſes, ſtand excommunicate? neither deſiring, nor ende2 Have any béene admitted to the rights and priviledges of the Church without repentance, and abſolu3 Hath the ſentence of excommunication béene delayed or neglected to be divulged, longer than the ne4 Are there any that favour and cheriſh ſuch perſons as (being ſo cut off) care not to be reſtored, 1 CAn your Apparitors read and write competently?2 Is there any exceſſe in their number? and more then former times have knowne?3 Doe they diſpatch their mandates in their owne perſons faithfully, and not by others?4 Doe they behave themſelves as promotors or informers, vexing ſome wrongfully, ex•uſing others for 5 Doth any of them exact more or greater fées than the table ratified doth allow?
    _ Apparitors.
1. ARe there in this Archdearenry any wandring miniſters, or pretenders to holy orders, that reſorts2 Are there any that kéepe, or frequent drinking houſes, and uſe unlawfull games.3 Any that having taken holy orders forſake their vocation, and live ſecularly?4 Doth any man in lower orders preſume to do the duties of an higher office, and having no orders to5 Doe the Prieſts and Deacons carry themſelves diſcretly, gravely, exemplarily? do they make their f6 Doth your miniſter ſhew diligence in prayer, and that open, not being hindred by the ſtudy of DiviPrayer before the Sermon.Doth your miniſter pray before every Sermon for the Kings moſt excellent MaImpugners of ſupremacy of government, &c.8 Doth he or any in your pariſh impugne the regall ſupremacBidding of Holidayes, &c.9 Doth he notice all Holidayes, and Faſtingdayes?

and duely commend to theBaptiſme.10 Is your miniſter (being required) diligent to baptize ſicke Infants in caſe of neceſſityCatechizing.11 Doth your Miniſter or ſome other by his appointment diligently upon Sundayes and HoliCommunion.12 Doth he celebrate the Sacrament of the bleſſed body and blood of Chriſt ſo frequently i13 If any Pariſhioner be a notorious evill liver, or iniurious

to his neighbour by word or déed, haMarriages.14. Are all banes of matrimony asked thrée ſeverall times on Sundayes and Holydaies, in tiChurching.15 Doth your Miniſter refuſe to Church any women that have béen ſafe delivered out of the Commination.16 Doth he in the beginning of Lent, publiſh the Commination, and according to the rubriViſitation of the ſicke.17 Doth he, eſpecially upon notice, diligently reſort to the ſicke, and doe Buriall.18 Doth he bury the Dead according to that forme, méeting the Corps and friends at the ChurcLecturers.19 Is your Lecturer, being ſetled, a Licenſed Preacher, well Salaried, and that duly payed20 Are the Chaplaines of your Chappels, Vicars or ſtipendaries of appropriate Churches well endowed,21 Doth your Rector or Vicar reſide with you, unleſſe for ſome great cauſe diſpenſed with, hath he b22 Doth your Parſon and Vicar kéepe exact bookes of all his yearely receipts for the good of the Suc23 Doth your Miniſter notice the perambulation of the bounds according to Law and Cuſtome, and follo1 HAth the Patron of your Church preſented his Clerk without ſuſpition or fame of any Simoniacall co2 Is he zealous to his power to defend the Church and

incumbent from the wrong and iniury of ill af3 Doth he intimate any his Clerkes in utility to his Church, (except in the caſe of ſickeneſſe or ex4 Hath your Church-Patron living amongſt you, all due reſpect from the Parſon or Vicar? Is hée in de1 ARe you duely choſen, and in Eaſter Wéeke? and ſo of the other Officers? have all your Predeceſſor2 Is the fabricke of the body of your Church in good repaire in walles, roofe, pavement, windowes, g3 Are the great Bible, the Service Bookes faire and good? kept claſped, or ſtringed after divine Ser4 Is your Challice ſilver, and the cover thereof? not battered? kept cléene for all Communions? Is y5 Have you ſeverall books well bound for the Recording of the Chriſten and ſurnames of all perſons a6 Are your Churchyards kept cleane, and well fenced, or cloſed, and by them that are bound?7 Have you a Terrier of the Recovery, and Vicarage, Glebes, and Houſes, and alſo of all lawfull cuſt8 Doe you kéepe ſafely all ſuch terriers, bookes, rentals, bonds, wills, leaſes, accounts or any oth9 Doe you, and did your predeceſſors vigilantly cauſe all Pariſhioners to frequent the common Prayer10 Have any out of corrupt affection ſmothered any publique and ſcandalous crimes, what were they, a11 Are your Overſeers, Sides men, Clerke and others diligent in their Offices? and is the Clerkes wa1 HAve you any frée Schoolemaſters and Vſhers? any that teach otherwiſe openly, or privately? are th2 Are there any that teach privately in Recuſants houſes, or Recuſants children in their owne? name 3 Is the Curate contented if any beſides himſelfe doe teach Schoole?4 Doth your Schoolemaſter teach Maſter Lillies Grammer and other warranted Authours? And for grounds5 Are any houſes, Schoole-lands, or repts derayed, concealed, miſemployed, or diverted to other uſes1 DOe they live in the feare of God, exerciſing all piety, and charity? do they obſerve holydayes an2 Are there any that diſallow and ſeperate from your Prayers and reſort to ſermons only, or comply i3 Doe every Pariſhioner receive thrice yéerely, and is Eaſter one time? and doe all above 16. yeares4 Doe Maſters, Dames, Parents, cauſe their ſervants and children to ſubmit obediently to catechizing5 Doth every Pariſhioner living, or being landed within the P•riſh, pay his reaſonable Lunes and tax6 Doth every Pariſhioner make a cleare reckoning yéerely at Eaſter, with the Parſon, Vicar, or their7 Doe Communicants ſignifie their names to the Miniſter over night, or before or after morning Praye8 Are Parents carefull to baptize their children on the next Sunday or Holyday after birth, and give9 Doth the Pariſh ſtay at the Church ſtile untill the Miniſter can méet the Coarſe?10 Doe women reſort to Church for thankeſgiving after Childbirth? doe they knéele néere the holy tab11 Doe the Pariſhioners on the firſt day of Lent, come to the Commination?12 Are there any unlawfull méetings for common actions of Religion as is pretended, in any place but13 Are there any that have dyed inteſtate? doth any Executor neglect to prove the Will, pay legacies14 Are there any that diſturbe the Miniſter and godly peoples attentions in time of Gods ſervice by 15 Are there any that prophane the Chriſtian Sabboth or Lords day, and holy dayes appointed, by worl16 Are there any Churches or Chappels where divine ſervice hath béen formerly uſed let fall? and by 17 Have any at any time laid violent hands upon your Miniſter, or defamed him, or uſed any irreveren18 Are there any noted for periury, blaſphemy, vaine and idle ſwearing; and who, and of what conditi19 Any, any wayes inconformable; and refractary to his Maieſties Eccleſiaſticall Laws eſtabliſhed by20 Have any béen married by other Miniſter or forme then the Church of England doth allow? or ſo bap21 Do recuſants refuſe to ſubmit to godly conference, have they any buſie ſeducers about them, as Ie22 Are there any that maintaine any doctrines againſt the Catholique Faith, in obſtinate and heretic23 Have any in your Pariſh (not hitherto queſtioned) lived in any kind of incontinency, as inceſt, a24 Are there any ſuppoſed not to be truly marryed, that converſe as man and wife? Any having or déem25 Are there any in your Pariſh that ſow diſcord and debate amongſt neighbo•s, man and wife, &c. any26 Have you any Almeshouſes and Hoſpitals! and whether of the Kings, or other pious benefactors foun1 VVHat perſons in your Pariſh, and for what cauſes, ſtand excommunicate? neither deſiring, nor ende2 Have any béene admitted to the rights and priviledges of the Church without repentance, and abſolu3 Hath the ſentence of excommunication béene delayed or neglected to be divulged, longer than the ne4 Are there any that favour and cheriſh ſuch perſons as (being ſo cut off) care not to be reſtored, 1 CAn your Apparitors read and write competently?2 Is there any exceſſe in their number? and more then former times have knowne?3 Doe they diſpatch their mandates in their owne perſons faithfully, and not by others?4 Doe they behave themſelves as promotors or informers, vexing ſome wrongfully, ex•uſing others for 5 Doth any of them exact more or greater fées than the table ratified doth allow?
**Types of content**

  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 8 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (8) : illegible (8)  •  @__resp__ (8) : #OXF (8)  •  @__extent__ (8) : 1 letter (8)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|é|233|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|General Punctuation|•|8226|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2011-12 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), OCLC (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|5||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|2||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__body__|1||
|2.|__desc__|8||
|3.|__div__|87| @__type__ (87) : title_page (1), articles (1), section (7), article (78)  •  @__n__ (78) : 1 (7), 2 (7), 3 (7), 4 (7), 5 (5), 6 (3), 7 (3), 8 (3), 9 (3), 10 (3), 11 (3), 12 (2), 13 (2), 14 (2), 15 (2), 16 (2), 17 (2), 18 (2), 19 (2), 20 (2), 21 (2), 22 (2), 23 (2), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1)|
|4.|__figDesc__|1||
|5.|__figure__|1||
|6.|__front__|1||
|7.|__g__|96| @__ref__ (96) : char:EOLhyphen (96)|
|8.|__gap__|8| @__reason__ (8) : illegible (8)  •  @__resp__ (8) : #OXF (8)  •  @__extent__ (8) : 1 letter (8)|
|9.|__head__|7||
|10.|__hi__|12| @__rend__ (1) : sup (1)|
|11.|__note__|13| @__place__ (13) : margin (13)|
|12.|__p__|81||
|13.|__pb__|15| @__facs__ (15) : tcp:172797:1 (1), tcp:172797:2 (2), tcp:172797:3 (2), tcp:172797:4 (2), tcp:172797:5 (2), tcp:172797:6 (2), tcp:172797:7 (2), tcp:172797:8 (2)  •  @__rendition__ (1) : simple:additions (1)|
|14.|__q__|2||
|15.|__seg__|1| @__rend__ (1) : decorInit (1)|
|16.|__trailer__|1||
